[TT-17288] Added IdP Registry documentation (#2423)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-stack/tyk-developer-portal/enterprise-developer-portal/api-access/dynamic-client-registration.mdx

    If moving from a [legacy version](#legacy-setup-before-portal-1-13-0) there will be nothing for the backfill to process.

2. **Audit your API definitions.**

    Call `GET /api/clientidps` against the Tyk Dashboard API to inspect the Registry entries created by the backfill.
    
    For each JWT-authenticated API, compare the JWKS URI and scope-to-policy mappings in the API definition against what the Registry now contains.

    Pay particular attention to any IdP configuration that was added directly in Tyk Dashboard rather than through the Portal. The backfill only covers OAuth 2.0 Providers managed by the Portal; configuration added manually outside the Portal will not appear in the Registry after the backfill. Any such configuration must be added to the Registry manually via `POST /api/clientidps` before proceeding to the next step.

    <Note>
    There is no Tyk Dashboard UI for the Identity Provider Registry. All inspection and manual management must be done via the [Tyk Dashboard API](/tyk-dashboard-api).
    </Note>

3. **Remove IdP configuration from API definitions.**

>     Once the Registry is verified as complete and correct, remove the JWKS URIs and scope-to-policy mappings from each API definition. Until this step is completed, the API definition configuration takes precedence over the Registry and the Registry entries are not used for those APIs.

Reviewer: maybe worth adding that this is true only for the same scope match? It might mislead to the assumption that the API def scope mapping needs to be cleared out (like if it's not empty the registry will not be checked).. WDTY?

Author: ```suggestion
    Once the Registry is verified as complete and correct, you can remove the JWKS URIs and scope-to-policy mappings from each API definition. The configuration in the API definition [takes precedence over the Registry](/api-management/client-idp-registry#what-is-the-identity-provider-registry)) so if an issuer and scope match is found in the API definition, this will be used rather than the configuration in the Registry.
```
